Apply feedback from consensus call (#31)
transmute-industries/ietf-spice-charter: charter.md

## Introduction

Digital credentials are essential to identity, authorization, licenses, certificates, and digitization use cases that are part of modernization efforts targeting efficiency and transparency.

> A digital credential expresses claims or attributes about a subject, such as their name or age, and their cryptographic keys. Some sets of claim names have already been defined by the IETF and other standards development groups (e.g., OpenID Foundation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A digital credential expresses claims, assertions, or attributes about a subject, such as their name or age, and their cryptographic keys. Some sets of claim names have already been defined by the IETF and other standards development groups (e.g., OpenID Foundation).
```

The SPICE WG, coordinates with RATS, OAuth, JOSE, COSE and SCITT working groups that develop documents related to the identity and credential space. The SPICE WG builds on cryptographic primitives defined in the CFRG (e.g., BBS Signatures) and does not define novel cryptographic schemes.

> The SPICE WG will develop digital credential profiles which can support a number of use cases.

Reviewer 2: Should the below be a list, supporting the use cases?

> The SPICE WG will develop digital credential profiles which can support a number of use cases.

Author: No because we don't want to focus on specific use cases in the charter.

> The SPICE WG will develop digital credential profiles which can support a number of use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SPICE WG develops digital credential profiles which can support a number of use cases.
```

To help guide engineering decisions, requirements for proposed standards in the program of work will be created in coordination with the working groups listed above.
The profiles developed by the SPICE WG will enable digital credentials to leverage existing IETF technologies.

Privacy by design, confidentiality, and consent will be considered, and guidance will be given for each proposed standards in the program of work.

> The privacy and security considerations related to the impact of confidential computing, remote attestation, and hardware security module (HSM) on digital credentials will be developed in cooridination with relevant IETF WGs, and feedback from experts on the mailing list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The privacy and security considerations related to the impact of confidential computing, remote attestation, and hardware security modules (HSM) on digital credentials will be developed in coordination with relevant IETF WGs, and feedback from experts on the mailing list.
```
